Add sentence about ensuring the infrastructure (#800)
publiccodenet/about: activities/codebase-stewardship/goals.md

Future contributors can trust that there will be someone to receive their pull request after the original maintainers have moved on.

We provide this sustainability in the first place by creating strong communities of users and developers that can take ownership of the product.

> We ensure that the infrastructure that enables all members of the community making high quality contributions are in place.

Reviewer: What about taking a more active role?

```suggestion
We provide infrastructure that enables all members of the community to contribute. For instance mailing lists and for continuous integration testing.
```

> We provide infrastructure that enables all members of the community to contribute. For instance mailing lists and for continuous integration testing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also provide infrastructure that enables all members of the community to contribute, for example mailing lists and tools for continuous integration testing.
```

Author: Great suggestion, thanks!
